and there we sell to port victoria
and then on to colombo new guinea in
australia
yes to open the olympics
five months
thank you before for doing the tour
[Applause]
you're as excited as i was when
phillipoff in this job you thought it
would be good for
good for all of us i didn't expect the
job to become your life
nasa's rag tag collection part-time
pilots have somehow
managed to retain control
they've been held by the russians
we must attack we have no alternative we
must attack
swiftly and decisively
israeli army launched an attack into
egyptian territory the
sinai peninsula and is rapidly
approaching the suez canal
the egyptian army has mobilized a
retaliatory force
and is about to engage and the next step
in your view would be war indeed
coordinated offensive against egypt
whereby
the israeli army would attack the
egyptian army near the suez canal
thus allowing the intervention of
anglo-french forces the right thing to
do
is to go in now and to go in hard i was
right
about mussolini i was right about hitler
and i am right about this fella
do i have your support
the prime minister always has the
sovereign's support
adventures i
sense this will be a momentous and
eventful tour indeed
ever your fellow member mike as a result
our prime minister has had no option
but to declare an immediate ceasefire
and retreat without taking back the
serious canal
i'd like to separate from my husband
better still divorce
we're going to need one of the big three
adultery unreasonable behavior or
insanity i'm quite sure there has been
adultery
i have the greatest sympathy for your
condition prime minister
and i fully understand the need for rest
the country will be in safe hands
mr butler will take charge in my absence
mrs parker is seeking a divorce
yes pacific mention was made of a lunch
club where lieutenant commander parker
and the duke of edinburgh
don't tell me frequent guests
actually founder members
may i ask you about your education from
a young age you were effectively
orphaned
your favorite sister cecile also a nazi
died in a plane crash i really think we
should move on what kind of impact does
that have on a man
i think people have a right to know
about their leaders don't you
if mrs parker succeeds in getting her
divorce the newspapers
would make a not unreasonable assumption
that anything that
lieutenant commander parker has done the
duke of edinburgh has done too have we
encountered
such beautiful women
[Applause]
that is your husband's handwriting isn't
it i uh
i went away to concentrate on my health
and now fully fit to resume my duties
in all these months we have been a
united government
the war you insisted on has left us as
divided as caesar and pompey in the
country in chaos
you were for the war only as long as it
was legal
liar there's no justice in politics now
she has ridden to the palace
you have noticed her intention to sue me
footballs
to offer you my resignation
i gather soundings have been taken and
that you have been chosen by your
colleagues
as the man most able to unite the
government and lead this country
following stanton's resignation you'll
have my resignation first thing
you'll need it now i hereby offer my
resignation
as principal private secretary did to do
that effective immediately
it's been agreed that i managed to do a
flight to lisbon a day ahead of schedule
as i see it instructions instructions
are to meet her at the airfield
i've been quite specific for how the
reunion has to be managed
now the eyes of the world
i've learned more about humiliation in
the past few weeks than i hoped i would
in a lifetime
our marriage is different to any other
in the country because the exit route
which is open to everyone else
a divorce it's not an option for us
ever so what would make it easier on you
to be in to make it work
to make it bearable i'll need the
respect and acknowledgement of the
dreaded mustaches
an end to their snobbery and prejudice
no more being sniffed after being a
foreigner with a background nobody
understands i will earn their respect
with the only thing those creatures
understand a gesture a statement
something irrefutable that shuts them up
and commands their respect
five most important things i need to
know about that man
one is welsh and he had
he has a passion for inventing things
and he would never dream of being
anything as straightforward as simply
queer
liked him
there's a contempt in him
for me for us
for everything we represent
someone i would like you to send it to
can i give an address
[Music]
it's concerning the speech the queen is
due to give next week
you don't think it strikes the wrong
tone
in its uh paternalism
the tone of the speech is
somewhat old-fashioned
and that even when your life seems most
monotonous
what you do is always of real value
and importance i was horrified by the
indifference and inertia with which the
speech was greeted
being ordinary doesn't have to mean
bland
or ineffectual
your majesty very much looking forward
to hearing what it is we must do
in order to survive open up
know the drawbridge let people get to
know
televise christmas speech
become more transparent
let normal people get to know you too
happy christmas
[Music]
i have just returned from a year abroad
around the world
a young woman named marie luz
accompanied me on this trip
i have decided to ask her to marry me
we're going to have to delay it because
of the baby
i'm expecting since when 14 weeks until
the sovereign's child is born
no other family announcements can be
missed
he is currently conducting
no fewer than three other intimate
relationships
the most gracious sovereign lady queen
elizabeth
thank you you thought of a name
we've decided to call him andrew hello
let's do this
let's make it bigger than our sisters
are now threatening to publish and what
exactly is in these papers
letters and telegrams detailing your
relationship
with nazi high command says that in
return for your support
the german government offered you a home
in spain
where you could wait out the rest of the
war in peace as king
i was committed to the idea passionately
committed
that england and germany should never be
enemies again after the horrors
tired of being disrespected and abused
by the corrupt and imperial powers of
the past
new alliance and are willing to treat us
as equals not a slaves
majesty mrs kennedy
good evening your royal majesty
but in our head of state we had
a middle-aged woman so in curious
unintelligent and unremarkable
your majesty ghana welcomes you
i'm afraid you've been used now i just
wanted to thank you that's all
you've been instrumental in changing a
significant matter of foreign policy
and an african state that was fast
running into the arms of the communists
has been turned around and kept in the
west you said about her at a dinner in
london which then got back to queen
elizabeth and it seemed spurred her on
[Music]
without those insults she wouldn't have
defied a cabinet risked her reputation
and gone to ghana against all advice to
bring president and kruma back on side
but
i asked to speak to you in private ahead
of our lunch on friday
because i owe you an apology life i made
some comments
some foolish comments but jack didn't
appreciate
being upstaged behind closed doors
dr jacobson routinely administers us his
cocktails
before major trips tell you how much
distress it's caused me
the idea that i might have upset someone
i admire
so much
[Music]
she's still wearing the same clothes
it's covered in her husband's blood
drugs have a full week of court morning
[Music]
and i would like the bell rung at
westminster abbey
did you have relations with this man
john profumo
minister of war who's
confirmed everything introducing perfume
to the cool girls russian spy everything
done by mr ward himself joy behind steve
edinburgh also
have witnesses who saw his royal
highness arriving
at ward's house on several occasions
how are you prime minister
all the better for no longer being one
i'm afraid my decision to resign is
final islands
if you have a charge to make come on be
a grown-up make it
while searching his home detectives
found a portrait
painted by him of you
and the mystery man in the newspapers
that isn't you don't be ridiculous i am
i'm yours
in and not because you've given me a
title
because you've come to an agreement in
the name of the father
because i want to be and of the son
you